Accept common cookie attributes when deleting a cookie (#10671)
withastro/astro: .changeset/shaggy-cats-film.md

---
"astro": minor
---

> Extends the acceptable cookie options when deleting a cookie, to the following attribute:
> 
> - `domain`
> - `path`
> - `httpOnly` *(Added)*
> - `sameSite` *(Added)*
> - `secure` *(Added)*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds the `httpOnly`, `sameSite` ans `secure` options when deleting a cookie
```

Reviewer 2: Nicely done @florian-lefebvre ! Just a typo for "and" missing Oxford comma in there, but otherwise, I approve this! :purple_heart: 

>Adds the `httpOnly`, `sameSite`, and `secure` options when deleting a cookie

Reviewer: Updated! Didn't know about this Oxford thing, we don't put a coma there in French

---

> "astro": patch

Reviewer 3: Should be minor.

Author: Done.

---

> Accept standard cookie attributes when deleting a cookie

Reviewer: After you address matthew's review, can you update the changeset to state what new properties are available?

Reviewer 3: Yeah we need a list of which properties we are supporting. Also this would be a `minor`.

Author: Updated the change log to include the final set.
